c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.config
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.DLL
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmHome.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmAuthors.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmBooks.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmMain.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmPublishers.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmStaff.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmSuppliers.resources
c:\users\acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmGenres.resources
C:\Users\Acer\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.frmBorrow.resources
